[Music]
This youtuber caused a 30% drop
in Pami I want to see who he
attributes this to later and they're going to
blame me clown face
good news is coming I'm going to comment on the
last tweet because all yesterday I spoke with r
token Yesterday we spoke with one of the Ah no
no we commented on it it's true he we
commented on the tweet that delo posted we
commented on the tweet that delox posted
about the conversation that Javi had
you have to bring r okay let's see The idea
is that Turbo comes and ra comes and that
they both come together I mean not that he comes
again to talk about the subject eh I mean
to talk about gossip that delox comes
obviously as many times as he wants
but in this okay in This video
delox comments on the tweet but man I can
see the sense in having the
two of them here no I mean that delox comes and that
either ret or Dallas comes and that they
both talk here no And we stay
here like they're speaking in
Chinese members of the Dallas team
not of the people  who have collaborated a
little with all this and I will tell you my
conclusions both good and bad it
is bothering me quite a bit okay because it gives me a little of ...
who
takes themselves seriously are people Turbo only has
knowledge of Dallas Yeah well in his own
way Turbo made a big mistake today
eh Turbo made a big big big mistake today
No no but yeah yeah eh Oh
look wait a minute I have to
talk to a friend well with a friend
not with a colleague that I have to
ask a question
eh oh oh
eh we keep seeing ideas and everything
telling me everything and the haters applauded it's
like no I'm not from any
team I'm going with the truth I have a
lot of information some of which
uh data of which well has not been
shared in public So I think that I
have as I tell you a greater perspective than
any of those
who are giving their opinion on Twitter with which
although I'm not going to start giving
all the details Because on the one hand I
can't and on the other hand I also
want to reserve exclusives for
Javi's channel okay so that Javi later no no doesn't get
upset he stays happy and we have
content based based based Hey but it
would be ideal if they came  here everything is
true So either Dallas or
Ra would come with Delo But well I don't know it's that
today I think that Delo could come but
the other one couldn't eh but I think that during the
next week it could happen eh That
talk for Sal would be the reality is that it would
be good for Dallas to come too
no that today I'm going to give
different statements okay I'm going to
develop a little bit what I said in the
thread here it says that he doesn't want to give seg he doesn't
want to give so much news because if
not what can happen is that bad
actors are going to manipulate the market
here of course There is a lack of awareness on the
part of Alas that really the bad
actors are not going to manipulate the market with
the news but rather the market what it
does is eh discount the news
this happens to us with bitcoin it happens to us with
EC it happens to us with the SP500 with whatever
if for example the Fed says I'm going to talk
about whether I'm going to raise rates or not there is a
Fed meeting suddenly
everyone speculates about what decision they are going to
make and even if they haven't made it
based on the probability that they will make one
or the other the market already discounts that
movement  either appreciating the asset or
depreciating and when the news comes out the
currency is going to go down Why is it very easy
because when there is news there is always
a correction no matter how small it is
because it is the mythical purchase the rumor
sells the news because what you do is that
the positive effect that
the news may have is appreciated In advance
before giving it because that is when
expectations are generated once the
news those expectations are normally not
fully covered because
people's imagination has no limits
So if you were to give it, you say, the best
news in the world, you expect them to
say that and the most that is a partner in the
project is worth putting a few smokes of
joint So when you see that is not the
case you say, Ah well, you thought, well, I'm going to
sell, literally, that's what it does like that
Maybe it's the magic of the market, you know, you're
never going to make it true, I've done one
thing please, eh Please It's that this
graph looks like PAMI, it looks
quite similar but well or is it simply
because it is normal, I mean, it is normal that
in the meco there are stagnant movements
that yes, there is an initial pampeo when
everyone gets into hype then it is already let go
of generating expectation falls and lateralizes
now Well notice that for example in
this project I don't know which one it is I don't know what
project they are showing here because it
covers it but here then there are others that read it
on bitmart it is a great literal that's how
the meme Coin man This was also sent to me by
the editor explaining me
asking him questions to see if I have here
but so you can see how curious uh I mean
one of my Editors more or less knows about
these of these cryptocurrencies
and so on and he was trying to
explain some things to me when I
was consulting no and it is that he
literally told me Look he drew this for me
Dude says Look this is more or less how the
meme Coin does it like this they go to
[ __ ] then suddenly pin pam pom pan
you know and he said Exactly the same
as the delos eh And they are not known for
example in this project I don't know which one it is I do
n't know what project they are showing here
because it covers it but here then there are others
that Listen on bitmart it is great
news man it is at least
unprecedented Listen on an exchange But in the
end they list you in the  exchange because you
pay money, I mean, let me explain,
let's be fair about that. If I
suddenly want to spend a million
bucks promoting my currency, tomorrow I'll
be on all the exchanges I
want in three days, let me explain. It's not
like your project has
also gone, the exchanges are
calling you and saying, hey, I've listed you for
free, man, I want this to be here, it doesn't
work like that, you know, then I'd also like to
clarify that because I think there's a lot of
information sometimes that is discussed in a certain
way and people don't quite
understand it. So you've done things like
your drawing, let's see, of course, you
have to explain it to me with a drawing. Well,
no, I don't understand, man, I made you a cqui that
is really extraordinary, like
getting so many people to join a
project, it's impressive to see the
rise that it has had in a
consistent way at the beginning, it's impressive to
see the market cap that it has reached and the
liquidity that it has reached, however, the
issue of listing an exchange is about
money, it's a checkbook, obviously you have to
have a minimally
decent project, you don't have to have something for it to
list you. But oh well,  an
exchange is ready and I can give you a list of
shitty coins that are listed on the
exchange, don't think that
this list is good for some reason, the
price, the price, the
investors who had the liquidity that
they got, that is, that was crazy That's not, that
's undeniable in fact 99% of the
cryptocurrencies that are m with sound are
all a scam, pure smoke,
Monumental [ __ ] Okay and they are listed
So at the end of the day, don't
think that it's all a bed of
roses, you also don't ask to count the market
right Oh of course what he says here is that
since he hasn't taken profits, he hasn't been
able to control the market failure
here I'm going to give you a little bit of a preview, I'll
comment on it in my thread And it's that there has been
a technical failure at the beginning okay, we
talked about this yesterday with con r token we spoke about it
privately with him and it's that at the beginning they
uh put very little money okay they put very
little money in the contract for the
currency, you know, they put in 3,000 bucks so
of course You put 3,000 bucks of initial liquidity in  a coin is very easy for
anyone who puts in 500
bucks 1000 bucks 300 whatever, you get
such a large supply, that is to say,
such a large amount of tokens at
such a low price that they then have
power over this project as if they were
part of the team or more, you know. Because
also, since Dallas is not going to sell his
tokens even if he has a 12% they are useless. It's
worthless. I come out who wants to use them. So
what happened was that people from F
cars came in, people who sniped the project came in
and bought such a
cheap and large amount of tokens that they could have
done it, they wanted to, they literally peed on
the project. So what
happens there is the first mistake of both
Dallas and the team and anyone
who was there is to push
the project forward when you've
shat yourself. But because he
came combed like the con of Dracula the
delox, that is, this was nimu's idea or
whoever, yes, yes, that the p to me what
interests me is what interests me
always okay Let's see why this guy, this
guy is a millionaire and he combs his hair That's how it is
Style of the last month but you can
call this style But why a
little churra have you done that wrong from the
bottom up because they just sniped you they have
a large amount of your tokens they have
enormous negotiating power Over
your tokens okay they can literally
manipulate supply and demand
so what you have to do there is
close the project assimilate the loss and
create a new currency that is what
they should have done it is
Pambi's first failure that is why the project is not so healthy it
is Pambi's first failure
but the good part is that if you
notice Dallas what he does is eh relegate
from everyone eh deny No and and and relegate from
all the powers that he could have He
could have a lot of powers of
well I want to have eh power to create
more suly power to do this to be able to do that
and he takes away all the
powers because that is what normally
corrupts all the projects that have been
Eh historically then he does let's
say the ideal which is I am not going to
sell anything from my wallet I hold what I
have So there is
already a certain pressure to hold that  that
will always help me to upload more easily and
then on the other hand I take away my powers
So you know that even if I wanted to I can't
manipulate This is okay What happens is that
when I would need to perhaps exert that
pressure and that centralized force of the
creator he can't and since
the technical error was already made from the start it is
lost or in other words that was the big mistake
of the project Okay so precisely
trying to do it has also been
a mistake no I think that from the start
When they launched the project they would have had to
shut it down and recreate it
because people snuck in okay that's
something that they saw but they said Well I do
n't know I guess they're not going to sell or they're not
going to want to screw clo they didn't know they
were from forocoches until you
realize that the people who are
sneaking in are not a little apartment with money but rather
a hater and I think that is the
context that he is not giving and for me it
is the clearest is why would a
person with 11 million subscribers
who lives off his image and is a
multimillionaire want to steal 100k from you
200k or 300k is that he doesn't need them, they
give them to him monthly, so obviously for me there
isn't much more to say. I mean, I
think that when you, when you're
investigating a crime, a case, or an
alleged crime, what you do is
look for the motive, not look for the reason
why it happened. That should have been done and
really no one on the DEAS team needs
that money or Li is loaded, DASAS
is loaded, the rest of the members who
are on the crypto side are loaded.
And then it's true that there's a
SAP kid who, well, maybe he's not that
loaded, but I know that guy, besides being a
member of the Dallas team, he's
even a really
good kid, and I think that guy, let's say, he's there
because he's a lifelong friend of
Dallas. So he says, who caused
this fall. Well, we already know that
this fall from here, it's worth this candle from
here, it was forocoches, obviously
also more people, which is you, but apart from that, for it to
be a crime of fraud, I
think you have to have, let's see if I
can consult it. It's that
here, I think you can  you can you can
think that they have committed
some irregularity that they have done
some botched job like through
ignorance, mistakes or whatever,
okay, but until when I understand
for one, for one, for the
crime of fraud to be committed that they are mentioning
so much around here, not the people now, no, who
are all experts in cryptocurrency and in
justice and in everything, you have to have the
intention, you have to have the intention,
you know, he was selling but apparently there is
also a youtuber who sold a lot, a
lot of money in this candle, then we have already
seen that in the following candles in the
following sections in these two sections
here this has already been, let's say it,
the team is these here were the
movements of 155,000 that we saw And these
then another 90,000 turkeys around there that we
were also seeing, okay, in total
between this and minority sales by
the team, they were seen as exits
of 254,000, okay, we were
commenting on this yesterday, okay, but the first
host, the first blow was
mainly from forocoches and
apparently a youtuber who was what
allowed me to have a little more
perspective  And the money they're
draining with those sales and on the other hand
a youtuber who was what you were telling me
yesterday okay but the first blow the
first blow was mainly because of
cars and a
youtuber appearing is that they sent me clips of
people giving me a hard time for this because I
said but well the first blow was
because of forocoche no delo and delo
said yes forocoche and then they
selling Oh look at Javi for balls and it
's like no no let's see what
delo said which was what
allowed me to have a little more
perspective And the money they're
draining with those sales and on the other hand
it's because if they don't take that money eh
the project will go to zero okay because they
're running out of liquidity in bitmart they
have to put in more because they have to
pay the exchanges to be able to list
etcetera etcetera etcetera so if I
understand it another thing if I
respect it or not another thing if it seems
ethical to me or not another thing if transparency
or communication seems correct to me or
not 000 To  be able to visit Dino Which
obviously I have But the question they're
waiting for Who was that Yes, he has that
money, what happens is that he doesn't want to
invest it in the project, I mean,
dasas does have perfectly available
120,000, don't [ __ ] with me, [ __ ] I know I
can also put it in If I feel like
something else is that if I launch a project and I have to
invest in the project
internally half a million in Listam Me
too, do you think I have
how much money have they said Look, I do have
that money, what happens is that he doesn't want to
invest it in the project? Obviously I do
n't have it. The question they're waiting for
exactly who was it, well,
let's see, that's a lie If he has that money, what happens is that I don't want to invest it in the project, I mean, Dallas does have perfectly available 120,000, don't [ __ ] with me, [ __ ], I have that money, do you think you have a million in the bank Javi but let's see
how many members are here, today I
'm seeing how very calm Dallas
has money but it's not like he's a
millionaire, yes he is a millionaire Yes, yes  he's a
millionaire it's been many years, it's that I
think that you guys are a little
dispersed from what
these big youtubers earn javin
according to x your net worth is in the
millions seriously you have 2 million let's
see let's see let's see I've spent it on my
hair too I'm telling you eh that you're a
stiff old man that's why paule left it's
also true Let's see but one thing is for
me to have money and another thing is that I pay
these characters here to make memes I don't have to
pay the people either, no
whoever works here should do it for let's see let's
see I would be more of a millionaire if you
became members that today you are very
calm man today you are very calm with
the members issue eh sa I
can also put it in If I feel like something else is that
if I launch a project and I have to
invest in the project internally
half a million in listam and I don't know what
Maybe I say man, so that this
project doesn't ruin me what I'm going to do
is that the project itself is
sustainable or that it requires a small
investment on my part, which is as far as
I am willing to put  And then I'm
going to put the rest from what it generates
and if it doesn't generate, then I'll close the project.
So I think Dalas is
referring to the fact that he doesn't have money in
his pocket that he wants to allocate
to that, he doesn't have that money, man,
12,000 turkeys that you will have, you know, let's see
how rich you know the drop caused by my friend
the Martian, well, he doesn't know the
crypto sector, but we who know
Marciano finanzas very well, I'll give you a
very quick summary, okay, Marciano
finanzas is a turkey who has no idea
about cryptocurrencies, one day I already
had a debate with him and the poor kid, his
own community said, Marciano, go away,
Marciano, please cut it straight, they
had a debate, don't
[ __ ] with me, look, very, very good morning, good. Well, I
was going to lose the dpec. I mean, you, you, you make yourself
seen when you come and say
that there is a community that asks for it, if not, you wouldn't
have so many visits, in the end,
you have many more subscribers than
me. So it's clear that you must have done something that
I haven't done yet, a kiss,
beautiful queen, leonia. Thank you very much,
sweetheart, or that there are more people
than on my channel who want to
consume  your content So your
content should continue to be this or should it
continue to be I don't know people are
asking for it no in the end when you go to
drink you like Whiskey or
beer This but the Martian
really likes drinking he doesn't really like
drinking this Martian listen to me eh
move I'm not going to shut up he's eating and I
was like cool You know I'm going to go
like an unleashed chinet and the poor guy
throws the channel and Mar doesn't have I mean he doesn't
have a clue about cryptocurrencies he's a
turkey who only deals with mem
coins I mean pure and simple shitcoins that's why
obviously he was also
attentive to pambi And also what I find
curious is that the guy did this look
Okay now I'm going to say it Dalas now I'll
show it to you later it's the only thing
I have prepared because I've gone I've gone
crazy I mean he's dedicated to
this Now I specify it badly I mean
look No he criticizes because Marciano
has the technology channel and the
crypto channel okay I think neither of them
has a clue but well about technology
as I have not  seen nothing I'm not going to give my opinion
But well I can imagine that he
's not very smart What
happens is that when when Daras gives his opinion
about Apple you know that Dar is quite an
Apple hater eh But well suddenly he says says
says Marciano it's not that Dallas
this I don't know what he criticizes Ah totally
against Dallas in that eh I'm
super good it causes a lot of problems the
truth is that I'm a bit of an [ __ ] and I have to
admit it but the thing is that I
really like Apple dude What happens is that it's
true that I have to admit
that it's a bit of a joke it's a bit tacky pu
has it there as a success and when Dalas takes out
the meme coil eh comes here our friend
Marciano obviously friend
ironically he's not my friend at
all I don't like him at all and the guy rubs his
hands and says Uy uy
uyuyuyuyuy money wait for you Dalas
now I really like you let's see what
this is about and it really bothers me that this
youtuber who has also spent his time
criticizing me and receiving a lot of
time you specifically take advantage of
this moment  to sell 300,000 And make
the candle 30% heavier than it was supposed to
be, you know. How about this
information? Well, it seems it was told
to a certain person or certain people, but
those people ended up
getting the final information. It
always happens within their influence. We can say
that Marciano Finanzas has sold 300. He
reserved it for me, he reserved it completely for me,
eh, the 300,000 turkeys. Better said, we
can say that Marciano Finanzas has
obtained 300,000 profit from Pambi.
The answer is no, we can't say it. I would
love to. I would love to be able to say it so I
can develop a certain
opinion, but I can't, I can't because if
I go to Pambi, okay, wait a moment to
clean this up, eh. Eh. Eh. Okay, and I'm going to
Top Traders, I'm going to see who has
earned the most money, okay. And the Trader who
has earned the most money is 161,000, of course,
maybe he sold it on Bitmart and there
we have lost track. So, I
give the benefit of the doubt, it's like he
won.  30,000 on one hand 50,000 on the
other 20,000 on the other but my question is
what need would Marciano have who
is not doing anything wrong because he is
operating what the hell do we do in June
family what the hell do we do in June the
market to sell with different wallets
no the logical thing would be to sell everything
with the same one you bought another thing
is that he sold just when his
panis marked that they cost 300,000 but
one thing is that they tell you that they are worth
300,000 and the other thing is what liquidity is there
that you can take with those 300,000
in Top holders Dallas now right now
that this is his wallet okay the wallet that you
have here This is Dallas's wallet
okay it has a 12.74 the
market value of this wallet right now
would be 423,000 if Dallas goes to radium
and sells it will not earn 423000 because in
fact the maximum liquidity that there is is
227,000 with which it is not  has liquidity
to absorb that, okay, then it would
bring the price down and as it would
bring it down, his uh his pis would be
worth less and less and in the end maybe
if he sells 400k maybe he gets
30 or 40 or so he gets what they give him, no
eh Marciano finanzas had 300,000 in
tokens value Yes, I have no
doubt that it is
completely plausible, I have the
evidence, it is not quite probable, I have
contacts, how do I say it? Because I know a
lot of people who invested, not much, and they
had and came to have a portfolio with a
value, well, not 300,000, but importantly,
different from those that Dallas may have,
who have given me the same information.
Yes, what can we say about a person who
buys and when he has 300,000, sells, well,
that is a person who is a good Trader,
imagine that I would have bought here,
Pambi, here I see that I have 300,000 in
profit and I say, well, I want to sell, and I sell
and I earn  50,000 because I'm going to break the
price, it doesn't matter, okay. Well, I have
50,000 more bucks than before and my
investment has worked out. What's the problem
is the Free Market. Welcome to the
real world. What I am going to criticize
and what I don't think is good about Martian is that he
has a tutorial on his
channel with 400,000 followers, okay,
telling you how to buy the currency of the
review, pan bitcoin novice, you know
precisely to attract novices, he
puts it in the title itself, he
explains for dummies how to buy, uh, the
currency. And why? Because he has already
bought before and he did this 8
days ago on May 22nd. So if we
go to the graph, if on May 22nd he
publishes this, that is to say, he is publishing it
here, we can understand that he
has
previously bought somewhere in this area here, that is to say, him. Even if he hadn't sold. Well, I've told you before or I haven't told you before, Martian when he bought, that is. Look at Martian's video, the first one in which he talked about
Pambi, it's not the one in which he teaches.
buy it was over here okay And the Dallas announcement is here it's 4 days four days later I said it or I didn't say it man it's that I'm following this almost daily let's say if Marciano puts 3000 bucks in it's quite likely that his portfolio at some point was worth I don't know
if 300 but 200 or 200 and some change simply
now that it's at -95 it would still be even
or even positive and then
Here he sells them and he's not just selling them to
take profits he's
selling he's using del liquidity to
his own community So there yes on a
personal level if you ask me I think it's
not ethical okay I think it's not ethical don't
look at it You're not going to learn [ __ ]
okay You're not going to learn anything and they're
going to laugh in your face okay In
fact when he wanted to create the memec
that had that idea he wrote to me
because I'm one of the contacts that he
may have with knowledge in this
sector and he said Look I'm thinking about
doing this what do you think and I said well that's
the worst idea you've ever had I mean no
do like what the hell is this idea I do
n't know what a [ __ ] and in fact I told him
please don't do it because I already knew
that later it would happen to me if I bit it I
would have to get involved in this and of course how did
this end Well then you will be
now he is no longer technically my friend no no
me no me he doesn't follow me no of this
Although I think we still have a
certain cordial relationship But obviously
the relationship that
I had with him has deteriorated a lot because I have
disappointed him not for saying things that in
my opinion are objective Well suddenly they
crucify me no eh And I know Sorry
bad the [ __ ] crucifies me and
directly now you both give as his
community is like delox bad it's not like
no [ __ ] dude I have warned not to
do it because then things are going to happen and
then they are going to come back to me they are going to
splash me there are people who told me
delox is behind this what behind
what I have never bought pambi I
don't like pambi and I hate meme coins I have
already told you publicly a thousand
times the m Coin are all [ __ ]
then we have another one that  it's even worse than
Martian finance and look that Martian
is already a terrorist we have our
beloved professor maveric who is a
turkey who uses a voice modulator vpns
so you can't locate him he uses fakes
in each video he invents
science fiction movies in other words he is at the
level of being able to have a chat with
tartaria and of and of surpassing the crazy things
that tartaria says so that we put the
red telephone not the next thing or rather
professor mavrick invented the
red telephone or so that you can get an idea of
the madness that that boy is and him and that
boy what he does is defame
any person who is trending in
the finance or
cryptocurrency sector and then when there is a
good movement in the crypto market he
scams people when I say that
someone is a scammer it is because I have
each and every one of the
necessary evidence to be able to prove it and not
that you interpreted it but so that
in a trial there is not the slightest
doubt that he is a real scammer
So what professor mavri does is
try to make everyone see his
videos criticizing other people with
this becoming the defender and then
selling you [ __ ] he scams you and then in
TR years you forget what he has done and he returns to
fool more people and this has not been
known by anyone in the history of
cryptos because there is no community
better than us I know that many people
see that that is a lie creating hype
seems incorrect to me And then yes, it
is a lie to say that there is no
such community in cryptos in a
speaking community I will not deny it
Pepe hits the sidereal ship on
pambi dog hits the sidereal ship on
pambi and shiva hits the sidereal ship and
in fact it is not necessary to leave those
coins you can only go to a
floky you can go to a maga you can go let's
go to 50 that there are his videos
criticizing there is no coror of finances
others each of the tests true
scammer pu professor mavri what he
does is try to get everyone to
see his videos criticizing other
people with this becoming the defender and
then selling you [ __ ] he scams you and then
in TR years you forget what he has done  and he
comes back to fool more people and it has not been
consoling. No one in the history of
tripos because there is no
better community than us than many people, let's see
that, that is a lie, creating hype, it seems
incorrect to me. And then yes, it is a
lie to say that there is no
such community in cryptos in the
Spanish-speaking community, I am not going to deny it.
Pepe hits the sidereal ship on top of
pambi dog hits the sidereal ship on
pambi and shiva hits the sidereal ship and
in fact it is not necessary to go to those
coins, you can surely go to a
floy, you can go to a maga, you can
go, let's go to 50,000 meme coins which are
bigger and have more community. Now, I
think that what is referred to here is that he
has played some tricks on him for
recording and being tired from not
sleeping, he has omitted to say within the
Spanish-speaking community, which I previously
clarified, we reviewed it yesterday and there were 80
wallets that had earned more than
10,000 but from there to saying that
suddenly everyone who  It's on
discord, it has won a lot, I mean, let me explain, there is
a large majority, okay, once it
's here, people are already entering,
that's when the pambisitos come in and
all this, and what happens is that if you
start looking, yes, there is a group of
people who have bought in this
area here, they will be in positive in this
area, but then the majority have been
buying more because they have seen that it is
going up, they have made more, etc. pin Pam pum
and then they have lost because
today, no matter how much you look at the graph,
so I put the arithmetic so that it can be
seen well, if I put it in the
real graph, it is this one and it is at -95 below,
then it fell to -99, it is quite
difficult for there to be many people who are still
in positive, in fact, the majority are still
in negative, okay, there is no, there is no more, eh,
be that easy, okay, but in the same way that it is
not that it is
Dallas' fault, as if to say, it
is the market, I mean, neither I mean, I
think it is simply doing a little
self-criticism and recognizing, and yes, there are
people who have  lost or
losing but until it is
sold it is not lost I think I could have
said something like that really the most
that an mcoin can aspire to is to
be in vain once a mem with
celista on binance from there it will go
downhill unless a monstrous community is generated
and they manage to rebound like
what has happened in Pepe no eh there was
a very very big fall of Pepe then it
managed to consolidate and now let's see
I want to see Pepe that
everyone is talking about uncle Pepe [ __ ] but the thing is that Pepe there
are a lot of Pepe dude It would be the Pepe
sol no [ __ ] What is the real Pepe
dude token Pepe solana radium Pepe sache
[ __ ] but there are many meme Coin
not from Pepe no Which is the real one There is
one that is going up right now 7
8% another that is also going up 8%
another that is going down three another that
is going down 22 one that is going up
right now 4500 percent.  What is the
real + 13 There is none
right now that is going up more 13 the one with the
most liquidity Jai Ah worth the one with the
most liquidity 58 million no That is
No the one with 58 million no Well yes
the one with 58 million no yes no worth let's
see what
0.0001 [ __ ] let's see and this How would it be
[ __ ] what a rise No what a rise toe No
but this is going to hell no this this
has gone up a lot already no This will go to
hell don't you believe you I passed it to you through
the Frost group do you understand cryptocurrencies
Frost you also understand
cryptocurrencies No not me but this is already
going to hell no this goes up a lot no
this is going to take a big hit at
any moment no I mean the price is It's that
F the price lasted
0.0001 544 come on, this right now is
going to the cent and we will be talking
that it would be multiplying by 1000 H well it
is going up again due to the
mem Coin narratives and all this
invests  invest Javi it's now or never I'll
invest in
Pepe I've thought about it Man I've been
thinking about it for several days but the thing is man
these things give me a bit of
gambling addiction the truth is because I
get into it and I get all hooked and I
get on my phone whenever it happens to me you know
Yeah sure if I put it in I put it in pavito
or something like that it would seem
brutal to me or Look what the hell it seems like
a crappy exchange to me I don't like it at all
but just because I don't like it doesn't mean that it's not
difficult and that it's a titanic challenge
because it's the exchange with the largest volume in the
world number one is tier 1 a
tier like that You could say then If
I got that then wow eh be careful
You know we got the crab Coin its
crazy I think any meme
moin meme moin I mean I don't even know how to talk
this seemed like a video of a Martian who ca
n't talk it's praise and I think
any meme Coin is predestined in the
long term to go to zero okay In fact I would
even say that practically
any crypto even if it's not mcoin that
mcoin faster and obviously lack
fundamentals Beyond the community or
that they saan by being somewhere
but they are fundamental that they do not leave let's say they are
not going to have eh buy something
for your family that money well
invested Victor my family that I
buy something that they buy something from me they buy something
from me damn No they are not going to preserve the
value well, that is to say they list you on binance
and it generates a lot of increase in price Until they
list you once they list you it already goes down let
me explain no matter how much you go out there
between volume and all the volume that is
entering binance it is going to be your exit
liquidity it is going to be people who buy
late you sell to them you leave and leave
the brown to others but really mm
coins do not have much of a future So
Obviously if you have no idea about
cryptos do not put any Val
rectify I have seen that already let's see but
the mem Coin issue but I don't know
if this needs to be explained the mem
Coin issue is literally for speculation and
for surfing not basically I mean not
for a future project  give the review He doesn't
stop scamming his followers Now it
turns out that he will share a key
with the holders but to access that
key you have to pay your elite patreon
of 12 hours per month of 12 per month he
is doing more
correct communication he is putting certain disas ual it
was already now and well Well, within what is
possible at least he learns no sometimes they
tell you the mythical phrase that sometimes you
win other times you learn well dasas in this
project he has learned a lot not
literally he was dedicated to defending
cosu like many other streamers who
are saying that as a stater okay I
think this here I can cut the video
No, now here it is Dallas being Dallas
this no to me I'm not interested I just
finished a two hour call with r
token to resolve my doubts about
pambi and in turn resolve his doubts
about my statements since you already
know that in the past a
couple of days ago he had released
death threats he had told me everything he
had defamed me he had called me everything
And this is what I explain here that
as for  twt that he sent me was based on
false information that threatened to kill him
due to his personal situation because his
father-in-law had died, he didn't have time
to compare it and ended up acting
in a rash manner. What's happening is
that the guy's father-in-law is dying, who is
very afraid of him, they start
sending him photos literally of me
on the Dear kangre Coin channel,
crab, crab, the kangre Coin is going to be
a reality,
eh, from the salsera with these
fake news from Newman, these fake articles
that are there, content creators
who have no idea, like mavrick or
crypt, who are huge fans and
lie more than they talk, would be
using it to attack him. Okay,
then, of course, what I'm saying
there with him on Javi's Channel is, eh
Javi, don't pay attention to this
because it seems like Paticia's diary and the
sources they are sharing are
experts in falsifying things, lying, and
taking things out of context. Most likely,
this is a complete lie, that
's what I'm telling him that he didn't hear
that fragment, r token le  They send a
photo and he thinks I'm saying he
's a scammer and I never said that
nor did it ever cross my mind, you know, so Well,
when he realizes that I didn't
say anything like that and that it was the
opposite of me defending him at the level
of the presumption of innocence, the guy says,
[ __ ] Sorry, he deletes the thread
automatically, in fact, while they
were on the call with him, he deletes the thread, he doesn't
even expect me to ask him to, he
deletes the thread because he says, Okay, I was
wrong, damn. Well, it says a lot about
you, huh, chapo for the kid, this is my 10
because there are many people with pride who are not
capable of doing that, so I didn't
expect him to react so well and
so quickly and that's why I really liked his
reaction, huh. Really, then. Well,
then I took advantage of that, and we spent two
hours talking to ask him everything
about the project. Oh, but the thing is that they
followed each other and everything, look, they followed each other, you see,
hey, I mean, really, the chat
was 5 minutes to fix our
problems and 1 hour and 55 to find out
what had happened.  once everything is cleared up
Well I have prepared the tweet, for my
part I have ordered the
part of my live in which I reacted to
his tweet to be deleted from YouTube thanks to the information and
clarifications that
both daras and r token have shared with me privately now
I have a much clearer perspective
on what happened with this phrase
with this phrase and there were people saying
Oh what the [ __ ] the delox as long as he
gets dasas' follow he won't follow me
Dallas surely I'm not going to
follow again and honestly I don't give a damn who
follows me if In fact when I came
jav came to me to ask me if I had
unfollowed Dallas I didn't know if he had unfollowed me
on Instagram or not for example
because I don't even know if he follows me or not I
mean it could be it could be that things can't be
said to him depending on What things I don't give a damn
I'm going to keep saying them because
unlike other people I don't make a living
from making gossip I don't live Javi Don't take offense
[ __ ] I don't make a living from making
gossip I don't live off
YouTube views I don't live from a moment that
I'm consulting a friend about something that
people  follow or let me follow,
I'm already retired so
I literally do this because I feel like it
because it's a sector that
I like and I want to talk about these
topics so if I have an acquaintance,
a friend, whatever, and I want to help him and I
see that there's something that's not working, I'm
going to tell him if Javi goes
crazy tomorrow what has happened sometimes he has gone
crazy with a friend of mine with
someone that I have information about that
maybe he doesn't know about When I see that he's making a
mistake with the news I tell him
Javi cut it here because you're making a
mistake and then you're going to get carried away and it's
going to damage your reputation and I'm
simply doing it not to leave
anyone humiliated or not or no no no
simply to help him later Here I
say my intention is to share my
conclusions I don't give a damn what they
say about me there I'm going to share them in more
detail on the Javi Oliveira Channel
ideally with the participation of r
token because as we ended well In
fact look here it says that he even
follows me on Twitter raed Okay We follow
each other so what happens
here is that he told me and if you want I have
no problem  whenever you want I'll go
to your channel Or wherever and we talk about
whatever and I told him man that it would be
great and more after the conflict we've
had to go to Javi's Channel and
share that on one hand there is no
conflict and it would be great It would be
great if they came here to see the doubts that
people may have because that way they can
see a person who let's say is a great
defender of pambi as is r token and
then on the other hand a person who is
dedicated to the crypto sector and who has criticized
many things that he believes have been done wrong
in the project that I am to have
as a good cop Bad cop no And so we
proposed it to Javi Javi obviously
pictured his hands and said Come on, okay, what's
going on, raed, I think he has it now,
man Well, I don't care if you want to
come Come on, if not, well, but let's see,
if there is a place where you have to
go, it's here for a few complicated days
Also, I have
a bit of a hectic next week Today I'm not doing
very well either because I record podcasts so
well the issue of transparency is
key, they have not been transparent, they have been
caught eh lies  objectively
speaking I mean they say one thing and
then maybe they did something else that's
a lie then that lie was a
white lie it was a lie for the
good of the project it depends on how you
look at it maybe yes maybe not In my
opinion I think that the moment in which
you are not transparent and then
it is thrown in your face you just lost
reputation it is inevitable So
they have had a
significant loss of reputation trust
because they have had a lack of
transparency because they have promoted
incorrectly and because they have made
serious errors at a technical level when launching
the token okay period There is no more [ __ ]
dude I saw this clip cut on Twitter
this afternoon and it seemed different dude it
seemed different they cut the
click on Twitter and it seemed different okay
period That's my opinion Okay so
all the people who are starting to say It's
not that they have to go to jail it's not that they are
going to sue us it's not that
look at you they have done Dallas is not a
criminal what is criminal is
delox's hair dear mommy that hairstyle
deserves thread oh no I'm not going to cut something you
think a crime has been committed go
and  report it and that's it and let a judge
determine that why of all
why all the time the people on Twitter who
literally don't know neither nor the
majority eh the majority of Twitter don't
know how to breathe without [ __ ] themselves have to be
saying that this one has to go
to jail or the other one or that I don't know what guy
if he really did something to you someone
report it let a judge decide
if that is so or not Don't you be the judge and
executioner no don't be you Who are you
to say if that is jail or not you are a
judge there is a sentence there is a complaint
even firm on the table what I
see is a lot of people talking No but
barker little biter if you really d
done something report it and the channel is the
salsera okay in case anyone wants
wants to see the live Maybe I'll stop by
tonight I don't know Depends on how I am and that's it
Okay eh It's that today he could come
but the r couldn't come today so the
truth is I see sense Since when they
come for the issue no let them
both come let dasas come and  that
good dasas no good or dasas or and delox
not only delox
[Music]
okay i